hi I'm Diane Thomas I'm the author of
roughing it easy and recipes for
roughing it easy you might have
remembered me on the NBC Today Show for
eight years I showed all of these fun
things and now they're ready for you you
will learn today how to make a tin foil
dinner and it will be delicious the
things that ago I'm going to use are
carrots sliced carrots thinly sliced
onions potatoes and hamburger this is a
great thing to do in your backyard or to
do on a camping trip so I pulled out a
piece of foil imagine that your meal is
going to be about this area and you want
to be able to bring the foil up roll it
down as small holes seal it and bring it
in so this is probably about an 18 piece
of foil an 18 inch piece of foil so the
first thing is I have a little spritzer
with a little bit of oil so we'll just
spray a little bit of oil on the foil
and the next thing is to put some onions
onions are about 95 percent moisture so
they're going to they could burn on the
outside if they gets too hot but it'll
add moisture to it and it'll keep the
other things from burning the next thing
will be cures because they take a little
bit longer so just put a few carrots on
there a couple of potatoes and then
comes the hamburger so I'm going to take
probably about a quarter of a pound as a
serving of hamburger I've seasoned that
with a little bit of salt pepper you put
whatever you want into that or will
actually put some that onion soup on it
here so push that out and then we'll
reverse what we did before we'll put a
couple of potatoes a little bit of
carrots
and then a couple of onions with a
little bit of onion soup I have a
delicious it could be a little more than
I need but you can always save it for
the next meal so onion soup is the
flavouring here so I'm just taking a
little onion soup and we'll put the
powdered onion soup over it this is
called the drugstore wrap it will seal
the foil off flatten it out in both
sides and then bring that in and over
here you can see that we have the
charcoal briquets we made a pile and
there's going to be three of us that are
going to cook our dinner today on it so
I have a pretty big pile but we're just
one this is about this much juice needs
so if you didn't have to a little more
three a little more than that so the
chart girls take about probably 45
minutes to heat up and once they get
white these are actually just Berk wood
and then they put it together so so you
need to get a white and you'll have a
really hot hot temperature so I'm gonna
spread these out a little bit and make a
nice bed that I can put my coil dinner
and then I'm gonna invite my friends to
come too and they're going to make their
dinners as well so we'll put this on
here cook it for about 12 12 minutes a
side I'll time that turn it over another
12 minutes in and I'll check and see if
it's done the way I want
remember this is so simple and these
people show you what it looks like in
just a few minutes after it's cooked
they always been 12 minutes it's time to
turn the foil dinner I'm using a pair of
tongs here you just grab it on the
corner and turn it over thing is great
about this is everybody makes their own
and you can kind of see there are little
characters here so you can tell the
difference between between the meals
well the rain is here and there's not a
problem the boil
over the top this on the edge making
sure that the oxygen can come in on both
sides and now get a little fork and put
on this side and they'll keep cooking
mine has been 24 minutes so we're going
to take off our little rain shield here
and then with the top I have a paper
plate didn't bring any gloves but
ideally you can have some gloves
great I'm opening the meat did you check
that out it is all set to eat it's gonna
be delicious